Add new flags for Hosted to Astro CLI create and inspect deployment (#2472)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-create.md

## Options

| Option | Description | Possible Values |
| ----- | --- | ------ |
| `-p`, `--cloud-provider` | The Cloud Provider to use for your Deployment. The default is `gcp` | N/A |

> | `-c`, `--cluster-id` | The cluster in which you want to create a Deployment. You will get a prompt to choose a cluster, if this flag is skipped in case of Astro Hybrid or Astro Hosted Dedicated. | The id of a cluster that you can create Deployments in. See [View clusters](manage-hybrid-clusters#view-clusters) to find your cluster id.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-c`, `--cluster-id` | (Astro Hybrid and Astro Hosted dedicated clusters only) The cluster in which you want to create a Deployment | A valid [cluster ID](manage-hybrid-clusters.md#view-clusters).|
```

| `--cluster-type` | (Astro Hosted only) The type of cluster you want to run the Deployment on. The default is `standard`. | Either `dedicated` or `standard`. |
| `--dag-deploy` | Enables DAG-only deploys for the Deployment. The default is `disable` | Either `enable` or `disable`. |
| `--deployment-file` | Location of the template file that specifies the configuration of the new Deployment. File can be in either JSON or YAML format. See [Create a Deployment with a Deployment File](manage-deployments-as-code.md#create-a-deployment-with-a-deployment-file) | A valid file path for YAML or JSON template file |
| `-d`,`--description` | The description for the Deployment. | Any string. Multiple-word descriptions should be specified in quotations (`"`) |
| `--enforce-cicd` | Specify that the Deployment can only accept code deploys from API tokens and keys. | None|
| `-e`,`--executor` | The executor to use for the Deployment. |  CeleryExecutor or KubernetesExecutor |

> | `-a`, `--high-availability` | Enables High Availability for the Deployment. The default is `disable`. | Either `enable` or `disable`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-a`, `--high-availability` | Enables high availibility for the Deployment. The default is `disable`. | Either `enable` or `disable`. |
```

| `-n`,`--name` | The name of the Deployment. | Any string. Multiple-word descriptions should be specified in quotations |

> | `--region` | (Astro Hosted only) The region which you want to use for a Deployment. You will get a prompt to choose the region if a value is not provided. | The [list of regions](resource-reference-hosted?tab=gcp#standard-cluster-configurations) supported for your cloud provider for a standard cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--region` | (Astro Hosted only) The region where you want to host the Deployment. | The code for any [supported region](resource-reference-hosted.md#standard-cluster-configurations) |
```

| `-v`,`--runtime-version`    | The Astro Runtime version for the Deployment | Any supported version of Astro Runtime. Major, minor, and patch versions must be specified. |

> | `-s`,`--scheduler-size` | The size of scheduler for the Deployment. The default is `small`. | Possible values can be `small`, `medium` or`large`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-s`,`--scheduler-size` | The size of scheduler for the Deployment. The default is `small`. | Either `small`, `medium`, or `large`. |
```

> | `--wait` | The time to wait for the new Deployment to have a [healthy](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-health) status before completing the command . | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--wait` | Wait for the new Deployment to have a [healthy](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-health) status before completing the command  | None |
```

| `--workspace-id` | The Workspace in which to create a Deployment. If not specified, your current Workspace is assumed. | Any valid Workspace ID |

## Examples

```bash
# CLI prompts you for a Deployment name and cluster
astro deployment create

# Create a Deployment with all required information specified. The CLI will not prompt you for more information
astro deployment create -d="My Deployment Description" --name="My Deployment Name" --cluster-id="ckwqkz36200140ror6axh8p19"

# Specify the new Deployment's configuration with a yaml file
astro deployment create --deployment-file deployment.yaml

> # Create a deployment on Astro Hosted using a Standard cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a deployment on Astro Hosted using a standard cluster
```

astro deployment create --name="my-gcp-deployment" --region="us-central1"

> # Create a deployment on Astro Hosted using a Dedicated cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a deployment on Astro Hosted using a dedicated cluster
```
